For some other examples of cap
architectures and kind of like bigger,
more real world systems, I've got a few
one is called secure scuttlebutt.
This is a peer-to-peer social database
that you can use for a social networking.
For gits implementation called git ssb,
which is like a peer-to-peer GitHub.
All of this stuff works offline,
like here I can running it.
So you can see it's
a social networking feed.
It also is git implementation.
So I think I'm running that as well.
So if you wanna work offline.
If you want to send pull requests and
log issues and things, you can
use these tools which implement this
kind of peer-to-peer architecture.
There's also a lot of people who
use this network who are very
interesting folks to talk to who like
know all of this stuff pretty well.
There's also the project that I
was talking about a bit earlier.
This is one that I've
worked on called OSM p2p.
It's a peer-to-peer Mac database, and
it's built on all of these tools that I've
showed you hyper log hyper kV
also like a spatial index for
doing queries on OSM like data structures.
I talked a little bit about this as well,
there's a debt hyperdrive or
in depth hyper core.
It's kind of a constellation of
different libraries that you can use for
peer-to-peer file sync, so it's more
suitable for having files that are,
might replace something like Dropbox,
but they're grant funded and
they're mostly building these tools for
scientific use cases.
So but everything in here is
definitely worth checking out and
these are all built in a very
modular fashion as well, so
you can take out little pieces without
having to get the whole thing running.
Fantastic things to look at.